Adding DeployInst Start Year Features (after and during simulation) (#677)
cyclus/cycamore: CHANGELOG.rst

* Added default keep packaging to reactor (#618, #619)
* Added support for Ubuntu 24.04 (#633)
* Added (negative)binomial distributions for disruption modeling to storage (#635)
* Added new tests for Deploy Institution year (#676, #675)

> * Added new variable to Deploy Institution (#676, #675)

Reviewer: I think update the changelog to link to the PR rather than the issues.

> * Added new tests for Deploy Institution year (#677)

Reviewer 2: These are probably better as a single entry since new tests are expected as part of any new addition

```suggestion
* Added new variable to Deploy Institution to shift the deployment times (#677)
```
